- Hey Brian. - Hey.
- Hey, hey YouTube.
Thanks everyone for being here,
watching live or the recording of the live stream.
So as always, we'd love to hear your thoughts
during the show, put them out there.
And with that, I think, yeah,
I think we should kick it off.
What do you think, Brian?
- Yeah.
- I was like, all right, well, here we go.
Hello and welcome to Python Bytes,
where we deliver Python news and headlines
directly to your earbuds.
This is episode 296, recorded August 9th, 2022.
I'm Michael Kennedy.
- And I'm Brian Okken.
- Hey Brian, so good to have you back together
talking about Python news as we do every week,
unless we skip a week and then we double it up.
- Yeah, that's good.
- Yeah, it's great.
Also, we have a new sponsor this week.
So I just wanna say thank you to Mozilla
in the IRL podcast for sponsoring the show.
- Nice.
- Check them out at pythonbytes.fm/irl
and more on that later.
For now, I wanna hear what you've discovered
to share with us.
- I wanna talk about-
- Can you constrain your excitement?
- Yeah, I wanna talk about pip constraints.
So there's a, I think I knew about pip constraints,
but I kind of forgot about them.
But there's an article called "Pip Constraints Files"
by somebody named Luminousman.
So this is-- so they're kind of neat.
So one of the things--
I was just using a pip requirements.in file recently
in a course that I'm taking.
And I like using requirements.in to generate my requirements.txt
file.
But there's-- and then there's--
Yeah, anyway, that uses pip-tools,
so you have to get pip-tools.
But so there's that.
And then there's also pinning.
So especially with applications, we
see it more in applications, less in libraries
of pinning the application.
But you can, even in libraries, there's
regularly constraints around stuff to say, hey,
for this library, I need this range of versions.
Or it has to be greater than this or something,
'cause I'm depending on that and that's fine.
But this is a way to say not what libraries I wanna use,
but if I use a library, which version?
So, or constraint sharing the version
without saying I want the library.
So, and in the actually in the pip documentation,
it says constraint files are requirement files
that only control which version,
not whether or not it's installed.
So how would you use this?
So this article talks about it and it basically says
you kind of use it normally pip install requirements.
That text, but you might have,
if you do like a freeze for instance or something
or you just pin everything,
you might have all of the versions,
but you might only want like constraints on like one of them
say, let's say you want, you're including pandas,
but you want a certain version of pandas
or you want a certain version of NumPy
even though pandas requires NumPy or something like that.
You can have a constraints file that lists,
this just looks like a pip freeze file,
but you can put like less than or less than equal
if you want, or, and you don't have to have everything.
So you could just pin one of the things.
And that way, like, let's say you were doing pandas
and you wanted to constrain NumPy
to be a certain version of NumPy.
you can do that with a constraints file
and not have it, not have to specify everything,
just have it be separate.
And the article talks about actually just sticking
the constraints, specifying your constraint file
within the requirements file,
and that way they're separate.
And I was thinking about that,
and that's an interesting thing to say
the dependencies of my application don't change,
but the constraints might because of testing or whatever.
And this separating of these two files would help with like,
you know, when you have two files of version control,
you've changed your constraints,
but you haven't changed really what you're depending on,
just the versions of those.
So it's kind of a neat to have that separate possibility.
- So for people who are listening,
literally the first line of the requirements.txt file
is --constraint, constraints.txt,
which I'd never considered doing that.
That's interesting.
- And then one of the things I thought is,
But I'm not, and this works if you're handwriting
your requirements file, but what if you're not?
What if you're using requirements.in instead?
And this article doesn't go into it,
but I tried just instead of putting that constraint thing
in a requirements.txt file,
putting it in a requirements.in
and using pip compile to generate it.
And it, the pip compile seems to also watch, look at this.
So it, this constraint works for pip compile as well.
- Okay. That's cool.
- Yeah. So kind of a neat thing to check out.
The usage of it's pretty easy.
Just, yeah.
Anyway, pinning your requirements is good,
but don't pin them too tight.
If, especially for application, for libraries
and then for applications.
Yeah, I kind of like this
because there's a lot of times where
I know there's a bug in something or I've heard about it
or I haven't gotten around to fixing my code
to deal with the new version yet.
So I'm gonna pin something.
I don't necessarily need to pin everything.
I just need to pin certain parts of it.
So that's kind of neat.
- So I like this.
Just also a little bit of a sidebar
with the pip compile from pip-tools,
you know, you give it the in file
and it generates the TXT file
and it basically obliterates the TXT file,
whatever's there previously.
- Yeah.
- And that can be a hassle,
especially if you wanna have like a requirements.dash dev
and then a production requirements.
And if you install the dev one,
you wanna also pick up like a -r on the main ones
and the pip-tools blows that away.
So what I ended up doing a lot for my workflows
is having pip-tools generate some base TXT file
and then having like requirements.txt
just have a -r requirements production.
And then the dev have -r requirements.prod
like sort of like put those commands just in real simple
and have it actually generate a separate file.
So it kind of makes it a little bit messy
but it gives you lots of flexibility.
- Cool, yeah.
- Yeah. - I'd like to see that
written up, that's neat.
- Yeah, maybe I should actually blog something
like in the last three years.
- Blog.
- Pam, yeah, what is that?
Is that with words?
Written words, not spoken words.
Pamphlet on the audience says,
"Does it take over requirements
"like if pip would resolve numpy to 1.19
"and you say at 120?"
It sounds to me like it does,
but what do you think, Brian?
- Well, like I tried it with a typer.
So I know Typer pulls in a click for instance,
and they're both command line things.
And so then I said, okay, well,
Typer has a broad range of click things they can do.
And if I constrain click to be a lower number, will it work?
And I blew everything away and tried it again.
And sure enough, it did.
It like add those extra constraints on top of even like,
so I was only declaring Typer,
but type was specifying click
and I could specify which version of click I wanted.
So.
- Yeah, this is cool.
- Yeah.
It's I guess,
adding one more complexity to your packaging workflow.
So, but.
- Exactly.
- But useful if you need it.
- But flexibility.
- Yeah, flexibility.
- Good flexibility.
All right, well, I'll cover something simple.
Async caching.
- Simple.
(laughing)
- It is simple in a sense.
- Okay.
- We have some nice stuff built into Python,
like async, sorry, with like func tools
and the LRU cache and whatnot.
But from what I understand, those are synchronous only.
Basically, their decorators,
those decorators wrap functions
and the decorators themselves are synchronous.
And so it only makes sense for them to wrap sync functions.
Yeah?
- Okay.
So if you have an async function,
but you wanna do the LRU cache,
where you just put the decorator LRU cache,
and then if it gets called with the same arguments,
again, it doesn't even call the function.
It just goes, you know what?
You've already called it with that.
Here's the answer.
So like if you're in a tight loop
and you're pulling in some values
and you gotta compute something with it through a function,
but there's a good chance of repeat of those values,
you can put an LRU cache in,
long as that it's pretty deterministic
and you call it again, you expect the same output,
you can make it fly by just adding one of those caches on it.
So short version of this is this is the same idea,
but for async functions.
So I can have some function I wanna call
and I just say @lrucache,
and this one you give it a maximum size of results
that it's willing, inputs and matched up results
it's willing to cache up.
And then if you call it with the same arguments,
it'll give the same response back.
So that's pretty cool.
That's the sort of last used version.
And then you also have a time to live,
an async TTL.
So you can say any results,
I don't care how many I've used,
but just within the last 60 seconds.
And one thing that's really, really nice about that
is it will expire results.
So maybe you're calling an API
and you wanna do rate limiting.
but you only want to call it maybe once a minute.
That'll both make your code faster, but also not overrun
your rate limiting that you might have with your API key and so on.
So here's a real simple way to add rate limiting. It's just a time to live.
I guess you got to have the same input arguments, but assuming that you have the same arguments,
that's one way to do it. And you can also specify the max size, which is pretty cool.
- Yeah, or if you're grabbing something off of a service,
what's the temperature out?
I don't really care if it fluctuates every second,
but every minute I might check it sort of thing.
- Yep, yep, precisely.
- And I don't currently-- - Currency conversion,
all those kinds of things.
- So there's not a TTL on the normal LRU cache, is there?
- I don't believe so.
- Yeah, so that's actually cool.
I like the time to live part.
- I do too, I like that.
That really resonates with me.
The other thing that's pretty cool here is you can pass ORM objects,
you can pass request objects, you can pass custom classes.
Even if the classes are not hashable, it will still go through and actually...
So one of the problems you can run into is if you say
if you've got a customer object or a product object or something,
you call it once, you've created this object,
maybe you got it from the database, and you say,
call the function with the LRU cache,
and it says, well, what object is this?
Have I seen it before?
And maybe yes or no.
And then you call it again.
It might have the same effective value,
but it's not actually the same object.
You might get it from the database again,
so it has a different pointer, a different ID, and so on.
I'm not sure what the behavior there is,
but this one will actually look and see,
oh, is it actually a class?
then let's just get the dictionary and use the dictionary,
the underlying field dictionary of the class to use as the match
to see if I'm calling it again.
So there's some really cool functionality here.
Simple little class, but if you want to quickly add
some performance boost async functions, you can add this.
Oh, nice. Okay, this is neat.
Yeah, yeah, it's neat.
Yeah, thanks.
Also, it's entirely possible--
I don't think it does, but it's entirely possible
to add async and synchronous support to a single decorator
if you need to.
For example, I have the--
what was it called?
The Alien templates FastAPI one that I created.
Let's see.
Look at that.
Number one result.
What a search thing.
So there's this FastAPI Chameleon framework or library
that I created that allows you to just do a decorator
and say .template and put a HTML template
in the Chameleon language on a FastAPI response.
And it returns a dictionary, and that just turns it
into an HTML response.
This one, in FastAPI, you can both
have synchronous and asynchronous functions.
So this thing has to look and see if the inbound thing is a co-routine, an async co-routine,
and it will dynamically generate the right wrapper, an async one or a synchronous one
based on.
So it's not super hard.
It's also not super easy, but I did it, so it can be done.
Cool.
Anyway, that's a little bit of a diversion.
But this async cache versus a non-async cache, I feel like it could just be one thing if
it really, really wanted to be.
but I feel like the person who created it probably is just like,
I need this for async methods.
Let's go.
Yeah.
It's almost kind of too bad that the normal oil or you cash doesn't just do that.
And you know, maybe it's been updated too, and I don't know, but I don't believe it does.
I don't think so.
Right.
Not currently.
Yeah.
Not that I know of.
People can write us if we're wrong and we'll let people know next time.
It'd be great to great to do it.
I am never wrong.
Oh,
and because, like I said, it's because it's a decorator.
Like you could make it start working that way.
That's a good feature, dad.
- Cool.
- All right, before we move on, Brian,
let me tell you about AI in real life.
Okay? - Wow.
- Yeah, so this week's sponsor,
this episode of Python Bytes is brought to you
by the IRL podcast, an original podcast from Mozilla.
So thank you, IRL and Mozilla for supporting the show.
If you're like us, you care about the ideas behind technology
and not just the tech itself.
Obviously, we do a podcast on these things all the time,
so we love talking about it, thinking about it.
And everyone out there knows
that tech has an enormous influence on society.
Many of these effects are hugely beneficial.
Just think about walking around with your cell phone.
You have basically the entire sum of human knowledge
just constantly with you.
Other influences can have negative effects.
And I really appreciate that Mozilla is always looking out for
and working to mitigate these types of negative influences tech has on all of us.
So if these ideas resonate with you, you should definitely check out their podcast,
IRL, the IRL podcast.
It's hosted by Bridget Todd.
And in this season, IRL looks at AI in real life.
Who can AI help? Who can it harm?
The show features fascinating conversations with people
who are working to build more trustworthy AI.
So just some of the examples of episodes.
There's an episode about how our world is mapped,
like Google Maps style mapped with AI.
And what's really interesting is the data that's missing
from those maps tells as much of the story
as the data that's there.
So also an episode about gig workers
who depend on apps for their livelihood.
And it looks at how they're pushing back
against algorithms that control how much they get paid,
seeking new ways to gain power and autonomy over data.
and creating better working conditions.
And finally, for political junkies,
there's an episode on the role that AI plays
when it comes to the spread of disinformation
around elections, a huge concern for democracies.
You hear a lot about the US democracies,
but more broadly, absolutely, across the world.
And I just listened to the first episode,
the tech that we won't build,
which explores when developers and data scientists
should consider saying no to projects that can be harmful
or strongly against their beliefs,
even though, sure, you could technically build up,
just 'cause you can, should you?
Anyway, if this sounds like an interesting show,
try an episode for yourself.
Just search for IRL in your podcast player
or visit pythonbytes.fm/irl.
The link's in your podcast player show notes.
And thank you to IRL and Mozilla for supporting our show,
keeping it going strong.
- Yes, thanks.
So I want to talk about organizing your code.
So actually organizing your Python code
kind of structure, structuring projects and everything,
but there's more than that.
So I ran across this article called
Organize Python Code Like a Pro.
And yes, it's got a lot of great advice
and it's opinionated, it's by one person, of course,
but I think it's for the most part, really good stuff.
And also a couple of things that I don't normally see
in these kinds of articles.
And there's not too much weird stuff.
So sometimes it's a little too opinionated,
but this is obviously where you can see
where some of the opinions are held.
So take a look at, it talks about structuring your project.
For instance, one of the first things
is use a source directory, SRC.
And so I try to do this,
And I used to do it because there was an article
about having your tests be seen.
So basically if I'm doing a pack installable package,
I'd like to have my tests see the installed package,
not the local files.
And that happens sometimes if you're running like say,
pytest or unit test from the top level directory,
and it might see the top level module
and you don't want it to.
So source is a way to hide that.
but there's ways to get around that in testing.
So I don't, I don't really, it's not really a solid,
a solid argument as it used to be.
This argument really is just, it looks nice
in your code editor that you, if you,
like here's an example of a non-source project
where you have a couple of modules within the project
and, but alphabetically they fall below,
they're around your, you've got your test directory
and your pyproject.toml and your source codes
on both top and bottom of that, that's confusing.
So I actually kind of love this simple argument
of just combine all the source in one place.
It's nice.
So.
- I do like that too.
- I know the first reaction to this though
is you're gonna put a package level directory anyway
and having a package level directory in there
instead of your, if you have a package
instead of this, you know, source or something
that works too.
But anyway, this is kind of interesting.
The one thing that kind of gets me and it shows up here
is this author is considering what I,
so we have a problem in Python of what a package is.
A package is something I install from PyPI,
but it's also within this Python documentation,
Sometimes it's just a directory with an init file in it.
I don't know how you, so Michael,
you teach people about that.
Do you ever like, do you stumble with this part or just?
- It's, yeah, it both seems complicated
and overly simplistic.
For me, I think one of the challenges really
I often run into is how do I organize my files
if I want like a sub module?
but I want simple import statements, you know, so.
- Okay.
- You know, if you don't have, yeah, go ahead.
- Do you think of directories with stuff,
directories within a net as a module or as a package,
or do you use?
- I do, but often I try to dodge that bullet
and just not.
- Not talk about it. - Not really get,
yeah, well, honestly, not talk about it.
If you're building a library, this matters very, very much.
if you're building an application,
a web app or a CLI app or something,
often it doesn't matter
because you're just running the top level,
some top level like main or app.py or something
and it'll just pick it up,
whether it's a module or just, you know.
- So I guess regardless of like what we call directories,
whether we call them modules or packages,
this article calls them modules.
So, oh well.
And then it goes on to talk about some other cool stuff
that I like that, let's go down, naming things.
So it talks about, there's really no files.
There's modules.
So it also, there's no directories, they're all modules,
but that's okay.
So this is some of the opinion stuff that you can,
it's interesting, you can skip over it.
But the thing that I thought was interesting
is these module names, they should be,
they could be plural names.
And I never thought about that.
And it kind of makes sense.
Like if you have, it gives an example, like drivers.
Drivers would be a module.
Yeah, it'd probably be the S on there makes sense.
So it's, you know, keep config and main as single,
but most things that have an S on the end,
I never really thought about that before,
but it does make sense of like from crawler storages,
import, get storage or something.
I don't know. - Yeah, yeah.
- It's just a nice little extra thing.
Then it talks about naming functions and stuff.
So functions, this is something people get wrong
all the time, so it's good to talk about it.
Name your functions with verbs.
It makes your code a lot clearer
your functions or methods or verbs.
And unless you have to jump through giant hoops
to make it work.
But if you have to jump through giant hoops
to make a verb work, maybe it's not really one function.
Maybe it should be two or three, but we'll see.
Anyway.
- Yeah, or property instead of a function.
- Yeah, or property, right.
And then class names.
One of the things I never thought about also
was class names should be singular.
So classes should be singular
unless it's really a container.
So don't name a class orders
because it's gonna describe multiple orders.
It's an order, it's an order class, not an orders class.
So that's a good thing.
One of the things I loved about this article also
is there's two things that we kind of talk about,
we use a lot, but nobody,
I don't think very many people talk about it too much.
And well, it's the dunder and net thing.
I'm gonna pop down, not the,
the dunder name equals dunder main.
That's used all the time.
And so it's good to talk about that
of if you want to execute a module itself, use that.
But the, if you, one of the things I tried to do recently
that I kind of didn't know how to do right off the bat
is a directory within init, if it also has a dunder main,
then you can use the dash M thing on it.
So if you include like Dunder main,
then you can use like a Python dash M module name.
- Interesting, okay.
- 'Cause I had a library I was working with
and it was like, I'm using dash M for everything else.
I'd like to have the entry point for my application
be usable if I do dash M also, how do I do that?
And this is how you do it.
So it's kind of neat to have this in right away
'cause I don't know if it's really a beginner thing,
but it's still kind of cool.
- Yeah, I like it a lot.
It's like entry points, but simpler.
- Yeah.
Anyway, so decent article.
There's some opinions there, but that's okay.
We like opinions.
- Absolutely.
We do, we do.
All right, well, do you know what else we like, Brian?
Follow-up.
- Yay, I was gonna do this.
I'm glad you're doing it.
- Not too late, I grabbed it.
I grabbed it 'cause this one is a good one.
So remember last week you spoke about CLI apps
and doing OAuth and you've got to remember the tokens
you get, the example you gave was from Twitter,
but it could be from all over the place.
So Trent, we got multiple pieces of feedback.
One about encrypting the stuff
that goes into your user profile.
I can't remember who, I apologize about forgetting the name,
but someone sent in a message that says,
well, the AWS CLI just puts your token straight there
unencrypted, so there's that.
I said maybe you should encrypt them somehow,
and I agree with that still,
but Trent sent in this project called Keyring,
and Keyring is, Keyring or vaults,
vaults are those types of things.
They're ways, sort of more managed central stores
of this type of information, right?
On macOS you hear, can it put it in your OS X key chain?
Right, you probably have heard that
or the Windows credential store or those things
that the actual operating system is protecting
from other apps to go look at it,
but it's basically just encrypted login,
password or tokens, yeah?
So this key ring thing that suggested
is something like that, but it works.
It's a Python library.
It works across platform,
and it works with different backends
based on both what platform you're on
and other things you might decide.
So it's a library that gives you access
to system key ring services from Python,
which I think is fantastic.
So on macOS, that's Keychain.
On Linux, it's the Secret Service.
or the KDE 4 and 5K wallets.
And then on Windows, it's the Windows credential locker.
- Okay. - Right?
And so in there, you can just call set password
and get password and off it goes.
And that's pretty much it, right?
But it's still running in a nice encrypted,
not just encrypted, but protected access way for the OS.
- Yeah, so I actually forgot about this.
- I actually use this for testing all the time,
but I never thought, I didn't think about using it
for a command line application.
- Interesting.
Okay, how do you use it for testing?
- So we have, so some of the issues are,
we have different devices that we're testing against
that are password protected devices.
And so you had, in order to access them,
you need a login and password to run commands against them.
And then, so to be able to do that,
we need the, like if you're SSHing into something
or something like that, that's part of your process.
You've gotta, you have to have those credentials somewhere
and we don't want them in our source code.
That's the gist of it is, is we don't want them,
we don't want them just to be, yeah,
We don't want them in the source code and checked in to get lab
and to have the whole company be able to read them.
It's still protected.
It's an internal thing.
But maybe you're on GitLab or GitHub or something,
and it's a public repo.
You don't want any passwords right there.
But you can have them stored on your local machine
and then pull them out with keyring.
It surprised me a little bit that they're just--
get passwords are a thing.
I kind of expected it to be like a get the password hash
or something, but I have to remember this isn't,
this isn't verifying passwords.
It's having them to be able to send them to another system.
- Right.
Ideally that one is storing the hash, not the real thing.
- Yeah, exactly.
So. - Yeah, yeah.
- I don't know if it would work.
So I don't know if this would be,
this is still cool and I'm glad we're covering it,
but it was, my original question was around,
Is this a, what's a reasonable thing to store passwords
for sessions for command line application?
And I don't know if key ring would work,
but I haven't tried it yet.
And maybe if you have a set password, maybe it will work.
Maybe it stores something locally.
So I'll have to try it out.
- Yeah, I think that it will.
- Okay.
- The question that I was wondering is
what about the get password?
You know, is that restricted to the process
that put it in there or?
- Yeah.
- Is it easy to start running on the system?
- Yeah, exactly.
Can you just start arbitrarily asking for stuff?
There's probably some restrictions there,
but I don't know exactly what they are.
Penful out in the audience says,
if I'm not mistaken, poetry is using the,
it's installed, so that's where your PyPI credentials
get installed.
And I got issue 210 from poetry.
And down here somewhere says,
- They talk about ways in which you could store.
And it says, why not just make key ring a dependency?
- Okay.
- Yeah, if this approach,
why not simply make key ring and so on.
And so yeah, it talks about basically using this
to store your PyPI credentials and that's a CLI app.
- Perfect then.
- It sounds like a pretty good match.
Yeah, nice little example.
Yeah, you can just follow along what they're doing there.
So thank you Penfil for pointing that out.
- Yeah.
- Yeah, cool.
- Cool, anyway, I don't currently have any use for this.
I think it might be useful even outside of,
I have this interactive application,
for example, storing secrets.
You know, if you wanna have the database connection string
to your app, right?
This might be a good way to do it.
And one other thing that's interesting
is you can have third-party backends.
So you could have just encrypted text files.
You could have the Dbus API for Linux.
Google Sheets, I don't know about this,
but it's for use with IPython secret,
so maybe encrypt them.
But more realistically, we've talked about Bitwarden before,
open source password manager, which is really nice.
I use that for a few things.
And so that has a CLI aspect.
So you could have Bitwarden as a backend.
you can write your own as well.
And 1Password has a CLI option as well
for storing SSH keys even.
So you could even put your SSH keys in there and whatnot.
I don't know if this would pull it back correctly,
but there's a lot of ways to store things
and say 1Password and then access it with a CLI.
Maybe you could plug this in.
So just it's another provider, which is cool.
- Yeah.
- Yeah, anyway, it seems really nice to me.
If I have a use for it, I'll definitely look into it more.
- Yeah, cool.
- Nice. - Yep.
- All right.
Hey, that might be all of our topics for the day, huh?
- I think so, yeah.
- I think so.
Extras, got any extras?
- I just wanted to say that I am working on a couple things.
I'm editing my pytest course, of course,
still working on that.
But the other thing that I just started,
which I'm super excited about,
is I just started taking a FastAPI course.
- Oh yeah?
- That's really neat.
The instructor's awesome.
Yeah.
(laughing)
- Awesome.
Thank you.
That's the FastAPI course.
This live course that I'm doing this week and next week.
Right?
- Yeah.
Yeah.
So I'm taking it from Michael.
And if anybody is,
if you've never taken one of the online courses with Michael
or a live course,
it's just really excellent.
He's a good instructor.
So it's good.
- Thank you very much.
Yeah.
I love it.
We're having a good time just playing with code as a group.
- Yeah.
- I think I have some extras just really quickly here.
Brian Skin, who's been a co-host before,
sent us a tweet and said, "Attention Python Bytes."
And that went over to this message from Jeff,
Jeff Huntley, and it says, "GitLab, are you all right?"
And this is linking to an article from the register.
It says, "GitLab plans to delete
"dormant projects in free accounts,
hoping to save a quarter of the hosting costs
by binning repos that haven't been touched for a year.
- Yikes.
- That's a little nerve wracking
because just 'cause it hasn't been changed
doesn't mean it's not useful.
- Yeah. - Yes.
- Huh, maybe I keep my recipes up there
and I haven't added any recipes lately.
- Yeah, maybe nothing's changed or whatever.
So a couple of things, PSA,
if you have a GitLab project,
you know, maybe just touch, just add a period
to some text file or something and check that in.
- Spam your own repo with like trivial PRs, yeah.
- Exactly.
I fixed this misspelling here by changing the word
and the more, oh, Mario Munoz says
they may be reverting this.
Okay, so this was just from four or five days ago.
And Pamphil says, yes, they did.
Okay, well, it sounds like they had the same,
Many people had the same reaction that we are going,
"Oh boy, this seems like a bad idea.
I'm glad this was changed."
Yeah. Pamphlet says,
"Because of the huge backlash."
I can imagine.
All right. Well, I guess I'll have to continue to pay
the million dollars extra per year to
host things that people put up on there,
where they said they would host it.
>> Yeah. Well, hopefully, even if you did that,
hopefully, they would email people at least.
Hopefully, you're getting emails there.
- Yeah, kind of like Google voice,
please log in within the next 30 days
to keep your phone number
or whatever it is they always did to me.
Well, with that, I think brings us to some jokes.
You got some jokes to tell
and I brought a quick one as well.
- Okay, sure.
I'm not gonna read the ones up here,
but I got them, I got a couple of jokes
from a place called, from a GitHub repo
that's a dad style programming jokes,
which is perfect for me.
So I got a couple.
How do programming pirates pass method parameters?
- I don't know.
- With varargs.
(both laughing)
- Awesome.
- Okay, second one.
How do you get code?
How do you get the code of your bank vault?
So you can break it down.
- I don't know.
- You check out their branch.
- Nice, I love it.
And then one of the things I liked on the top of this,
it says, unfortunately, these jokes only work
if you get them.
Ah, bad.
- Oh, so good.
- And it's a GitHub repo, so that's actually,
it's fitting, so anyway.
- It's very self-referential, very meta.
- Okay, how about you?
- Here's a quick one.
Before I put it up on screen,
you know how there's this constant not built here syndrome?
Like, sure, this key ring is cool, but did we build it?
No, I bet we could build a better key ring than that.
And like, we'll get a team together to build key ring.
Right?
- Yeah.
- So here's a picture of normal people
acting like developers.
So there's these two construction workers
with their hard hats on,
and there's a screwdriver with a $2 tag on it
'cause it was just purchased.
And one guy's outraged.
What?
Did you buy a screwdriver
instead of building your own from scratch?
- Exactly.
Yeah.
- Yeah, pretty good.
- What, you're using Hugo?
Why didn't you build your own blog engine?
- Exactly.
First, I'm gonna build my own Markdown parser
so I can have better tables.
Let's go.
- Exactly.
- Yes, indeed.
All right, well, excellent podcast as always.
Thanks for being here.
- Thank you.
- Yeah, you bet.
And thank you everyone for listening, watching,
however you've been part of this.
- Yeah, thanks a lot.
(thud)